Add privacy policy (#210)
LycheeOrg/LycheeOrg.github.io: src/pages/privacy-policy.md

---
title: 'Privacy Policy'
layout: '~/layouts/MarkdownLayout.astro'
---

### Privacy Policy

LycheeOrg is committed to protecting the privacy of its users. This Privacy Policy outlines how we handle personal data and what measures we take to ensure your privacy.

#### On LycheeOrg and pr.lycheeorg.dev

- LycheeOrg does not collect any personal data from its users.
- LycheeOrg does not use cookies or any other tracking technologies.
- LycheeOrg does not share any data with third parties.
- LycheeOrg does not store any data on its servers.

#### On weblate.lycheeorg.dev

Weblate is used to translate Lychee. It is a third-party service that is self-hosted by us.

> To the best of our knowledge, Weblate does not collect any personal data from its users aside from their mail address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To the best of our knowledge, the Weblate software does not collect any personal data from its users aside from their email address
```

Just trying to make it clear we're talking about the product not the organisation. Unless you meant the org here?
